Add guidance on system PriorityClasses for cluster-essential components (#54334)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/best-practices/cluster-large.md

  the case with horizontally-scaled addons, you may also need to raise CPU or memory
  limits slightly.

## Prioritizing cluster-essential components

> To ensure cluster-essential components (such as CoreDNS, metrics-server, and other critical add-ons) are scheduled ahead of other workloads and are not preempted by lower-priority pods, run them with a system [PriorityClass](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/), such as `system-cluster-critical` or `system-node-critical`.

Reviewer: This would be even better BTW
```suggestion
To ensure cluster-essential components (such as CoreDNS, metrics-server, and other critical add-ons)
are scheduled ahead of other workloads and are not preempted by lower-priority pods,
run them with a system {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="priority-class" >}},
such as `system-cluster-critical` or `system-node-critical`.
```

- could use a _glossary tooltip_
- Markdown source code is not all on one line

However, it's great to merge the improvement as you suggested it.
